All right.
So now I was talking about we need to create a tool for the bias detection.
But you may think that Karthik, we have already created the tool for the bias detection in our building.
Uh, bias or building agent of, uh, with the ragas over here.
So what difference does it really make?
But you can see that this, uh, tool that we have got is quite generic.
Like it says, what kind of bias is mentioned in this article?
You must use this tool for bias related, uh, testing in LM or large language model.
This is what I have mentioned in this tool over here.
But what I really wanted is that because this tool actually gives me quite a lot of big responses.
And if you see the text editor over here, see the response is, uh, so big over here.
So I don't want to really get this big response and then get the output, like what I'm looking for,
because that is going to be ruining my entire testing, which I'm doing, because I want it to be like
crisp.
I want to see if the answer really matches with the with the sponsors I'm going to get.
So I need to change our our tooling a bit in a way that it can summarize the response which is actually
getting out.
So I'm going to say create bias detection tool.
And the tool that I'm going to write this time is pretty much like how we did in our earlier, uh,
section of this course, which is going to be like the Lang chain tool bias detection.
Great.
All those things remain the same.
But the only thing over here, the only change that I wanted to suggest here, is that the way it is
actually written in the prompt, because I wanted to detect, uh, the bias in the given statement,
detect, uh, bias in the given statement.
And summarize our findings for me.
Right.
That's what I'm going to tell over here.
So I wanted it to summarize that particular response for me.
And over here I'm just going to say arguments where the arguments is going to be query this query,
which I'm passing in.
And this query is the search query, uh, related to bias in LLM.
Right.
That is my search query that I'm passing in.
And the return types are the returns that you're going to get is going to be a string containing the
summary
of the bias in the or maybe bias related findings from the query.
Right.
That is this thing that is going to be returned to me over here and now, because we need to do the
summary and because the vector database doesn't do any summary, even if you try to invoke it.
Because, see, this is the return type.
And if you just go to the ragas over here, sorry, the agent with tool over here, you will notice
that the tool really does retrieve and retrieve and invokes the query over there.
But this is just going to retrieve the value for us over here.
But it doesn't really do the summarization.
So we need to do a bit of a summarization before I actually start using that particular stuff over there.
So how do I actually do that?
This is where things are going to be a bit trickier this time.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to add some retrieve documents, pretty much like how we did.
So retrieve documents.
So retriever um, oh, we did not add the retriever as well.
Uh, sorry about that.
We need to add the retriever.
So we just missed adding the retriever part.
So we need to add the retriever as well.
So for doing that I'm going to go over here I'm going to add the markdown, I'm going to say a driver.
I'm going to add the code block over here, which is going to be the retriever QA.
Let me just one is fine this time and I'm going to run this.
So that's going to give me the retriever.
So I'm going to now use this retriever dot.
And I'm going to invoke the retriever with the query that I'm passing in, which is this query that
I'm passing in.
So this is just going to give the retriever document.
Right.
But now with this retriever document we can't really do anything over here.
We need to do the summarization of all the records which has been retrieved out from this retriever
document.
And then we need to summarize this entire things for me over here.
That is why I think we need to have two retriever values over there so that it can combine all of them.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to write a context over here.
I'm going to say, just combine me, all the retriever documents.
So just join all the retriever retrieved documents for me.
Uh, so I'm going to say doc dot uh, page underscore content, which is this one for doc in the uh,
retrieved documents.
Just this one.
So I'm just going to have all the context for me over here.
And now I can use this context which I am retrieving out from this guy.
I have this context.
And now I can just pass this particular context to an LM to do the summarization for me.
See, this is where things are going to be interesting, because now the response that you are getting
it from the vector stores are not always going to be smart enough.
So we need to have an LM in place to do that summarization for us.
So that's why I'm going to write another prompt here.
And I'm going to say, uh, here, something like this.
I don't know where this is coming from.
Um, and over here I'm going to say in And this particular prompt that the following text discusses
potential biases in llms.
And that is this context which I'm going to pass in as an input variable.
And I'm going to say please extract and summarize the bias related thing.
So I'm going to just probably copy paste the code that I have already done.
Right.
So that is what I'm essentially telling over here.
And with that in place, I can now use this particular prompt over here.
And I'm going to say I want to get a response out from the LLM.
And I'm going to invoke our prompt which is this prompt.
So I'm going to get this response and I'm going to return the, uh, the response dot content which
has been generated from this particular LM.
Look at that.
This is the tool like this is this is like a big gigantic tool that we have built.
This is something which is very, very important.
And the reason why this is important is because the vector data store doesn't really have any intelligence
to get me the summarization.
So because I have asked it to summarize my findings of the given statement, if there is, if there
is any bias, then that needs to be done over here, right?
So it is going to be stored over here.
And then we're going to get all of this.
And now with all these changes in place, if I try to run this, you see that the tool is being fully
built.
And once this is fully built, the final operation is we need to build our link chain agent and then
get the response out.
And then we need to create a data set, like how we did in our last lecture where we were creating this
data set, something like this.
So this is something we need to build as well, which we'll be doing in our next lecture.